README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Portfolio mobile version

> This is my portfolio microverse project!


## Built With

- HTML
- CSS/flexbox


## Getting Started


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites
    -Web browser
    -Internet connection

### Install & Usage
    -Download the files from the repository and view the page locally, very simple!
    OR
    -Just type in the following website: https://inakiesk.github.io/Portfolio-mobile-version/





## Author

👤 **Inaki Eskauriatza**

- GitHub: [@inakiesk](https://github.com/inakiesk)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/i%C3%B1aki-eskauriatza-b82684241?lipi=urn%3Ali%3Apage%3Ad_flagship3_profile_view_base_contact_details%3B1VEaqHfJTmWAhjqdjRvumA%3D%3D)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!


## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Thank you Microverse, Youtube, Wikipedia, W3Schools, Codegrepper and my Microverse friends that gave me advice.

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Add a clickable link in README installation and usage and URL and clickable link in project summary

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Portfolio mobile version

> This is my portfolio microverse project!
>Project URL https://inakiesk.github.io/Portfolio-mobile-version/ or click [here](https://inakiesk.github.io/Portfolio-mobile-version/).


## Built With

- HTML
- CSS/flexbox


## Getting Started


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites
    -Web browser
    -Internet connection

### Install & Usage
    -Download the files from the repository and view the page locally, very simple!
    OR
    -Visit the website [here](https://inakiesk.github.io/Portfolio-mobile-version/).





## Author

👤 **Inaki Eskauriatza**

- GitHub: [@inakiesk](https://github.com/inakiesk)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/i%C3%B1aki-eskauriatza-b82684241?lipi=urn%3Ali%3Apage%3Ad_flagship3_profile_view_base_contact_details%3B1VEaqHfJTmWAhjqdjRvumA%3D%3D)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!


## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Thank you Microverse, Youtube, Wikipedia, W3Schools, Codegrepper and my Microverse friends that gave me advice.

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
